{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Instructions, English\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
First, processes of the brain 
\f1\i\b will be
\f0\i0\b0  examined under relaxation conditions. \
It is therefore very important in this part of the 
\f1\i\b experiment
\f0\i0\b0  that you relax as much as possible. \
During the recording of the resting EEG, you will be instructed to open or close your eyes. If you are instructed to open your eyes or to keep them open, please direct your relaxed gaze at the monitor. \
If you are instructed to close your eyes or 
\f1\i\b to 
\f0\i0\b0 keep them closed, follow this instruction in a relaxed manner. \
To begin,
\f1\i\b  
\f0\i0\b0 press the space bar.\
\
\ul Auf Lassen (Leave Open)\ulnone \
Bitte lassen Sie die Augen ge\'f6ffnet.\

\f1\i\b Please keep your eyes open.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Auf (Open)\ulnone \
Bitte \'f6ffnen Sie die Augen\

\f1\i\b Please open your eyes.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Ende Aufzeichnung (End Recording)\
\ulnone Die Aufzeichnung des Ruhe-EEGs ist beendet.\

\f1\i\b The recording of the resting EEG is finished.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Entspannen (Relax)\
\ulnone Bitte entspannen Sie sich.\

\f1\i\b Please relax.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Start Aufzeichnung (Start Recording)\ulnone \

\f1\i\b We will now start recording the resting EEG.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Zu Lassen (Leave Closed)\ulnone \
Bitte lassen Sie die Augen geschlossen.\

\f1\i\b Please keep your eyes closed.
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
\ul Zu (Close)\ulnone \
Bitte schlie\'dfen Sie die Augen.\

\f1\i\b Please close your eyes.}